OSDOCS-17161:(CQA) APP-2: Deployments - Attachment1 (#117196)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deployments-comparing-deploymentconfigs.adoc

[id="deployments-comparing-deploymentconfigs_{context}"]
= Comparing Deployment and DeploymentConfig objects

> [role="_abstract"]
> Both Kubernetes `Deployment` objects and {product-title} `DeploymentConfig` objects manage application rollouts, but they differ in design and supported features. Use `Deployment` objects unless you need a capability that only `DeploymentConfig` objects provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can use both Kubernetes `Deployment` objects and {product-title} `DeploymentConfig` objects to manage application rollouts. Before deciding which to use, understand the differences between the two objects in design and supported features. 

Use `Deployment` objects unless you need a capability that only `DeploymentConfig` objects provide.
```
